Added support for service.version (#168)
elastic/ecs-logging-java: docs/tab-widgets/ecs-encoder.asciidoc

|`serviceName`
|String
|

> |Sets the `service.name` fieldso you can filter your logs by a particular service name

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Sets the `service.name` field so you can filter your logs by a particular service name
```

|`serviceVersion`
|String
|

> |Sets the `service.version` fieldso you can filter your logs by a particular service version

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Sets the `service.version` field so you can filter your logs by a particular service version
```
